The values listed for melee weapon damage are prior to running the Reqtificator. Final damage will be 6 times higher.

Dragon priest masks armor type can be changed on the workbench in Bromjunaar Sanctuary. Their armor rating and weight matches a dragonscale respectively dragonplate helmet. Tempering requires Legendary Blacksmithing.
Ahzidal tosses around nearby Elves. Falmer and Snow Elves are affected every 15 seconds. High Elves, Wood Elves and Dark Elves are affected every 30 seconds. Bretons and Orcs are affected every 60 seconds.
Dukaan doubles sneak attack damage against all targets.
Hevnoraak increases one-handed and two-handed damage by 30%.
Konahrik increases health, stamina and magicka by 100 (Rank II). Shouts are 25% stronger, last 25% longer and shout cooldown is reduced by 20%. Each hit has a chance of 50% to restore 100 health for 3 seconds. Each hit has a chance of 25% to cast a fire, frost and shock cloak for 10 seconds. Each hit has a chance of 5% to summon a dragon priest for 60 seconds.
Krosis reduces spell cost by 20%.
Miraak increases magnitude and duration of spells by 30% and reduces shout cooldown by 20%.
Morokei increases magicka regeneration by 450%.
Nahkriin increases magnitude and duration of spells by 25%.
Otar increases fire, frost and shock resistance by 30%.
Rahgot increases health by 75 (Rank II), disease resistance by 100% and poison resistance by 100%.
Vokun increases sneaking by 25%, lockpicking skill by 21, lockpicking expertise by 20 and pickpocketing is 20% easier.
Volsung increases ranged damage by 30%.
Zahkriisos increases damage dealt with Bloodskale Blade by 50% and increases damage of the energy blast by 70 points.

Aetherium Helmet reduces spell cost by 20%.
Aetherium Armor reduces spell cost by 20%. Inherits additional damage resistances from Dwarven Armor.
Aetherium Gauntlets increase magicka (Rank II) by 75 points.
Aetherium Boots increase frost resistance by 50%.
Ahzidal's Helmet increases summon limit by 1.
Ahzidal's Armor paralyzes enemies who strike its wearer with a melee attack. 
Ahzidal's Gauntlets absorb 75% of the magicka from incoming spells that are blocked by a ward.
Ahzidal's Boots increase effective mass by 10.
Ahzidal's Amulet reduces spell cost by 40% when wearing the full set of Ahzidal's armor.
Ahzidal's Ring grants Summon Skeletal Blizzard. It summons a skeletal suicide attacker that explodes into a blizzard when it attacks or is hit, causing 200 points of damage.
Ancient Shrouded Cowl increases ranged damage by 30%.
Ancient Shrouded Armor increases poison resistance by 100%. Increases magic resistance by 20% when wearing the full set of ancient shrouded armor and "Locate the Assassin of Old" is completed.
Ancient Shrouded Gloves increase one-handed damage by 30%.
Ancient Shrouded Boots increase stamina (Rank II) by 70.
Blackguard's Hood increases haggling by 22%.
Blackguard's Armor increases carry weight by 35.
Blackguard's Gauntlets increase lockpicking skill by 15 and lockpicking expertise by 20.
Blackguard's Boots make pickpocketing 35% easier.
Cicero's Hat improves sneaking by 40%.
Cicero's Clothes reduce illusion spell cost by 20% and increase magicka regeneration by 250%.
Cicero's Gloves increase armor penetration by 10%.
Cicero's Boots reduce movement noise by 100%.
Deathbrand Helmet grants waterbreathing and increases carry weight by 100. Damages health by 20 points per second if Haknir Death-Brand is not yet defeated or if worn by a NPC.
Deathbrand Armor increases magic resistance by 20% and increases health by 75 (Rank II). Damages health by 20 points per second if Haknir Death-Brand is not yet defeated or if worn by a NPC.
Deathbrand Gauntlets increase one-handed damage by 30% and increase armor rating by 100. Damages health by 20 points per second if Haknir Death-Brand is not yet defeated or if worn by a NPC.
Deathbrand Boots increase stamina by 75 (Rank II) and stamina regeneration by 100%. Damages health by 20 points per second if Haknir Death-Brand is not yet defeated or if worn by a NPC.
Dwarven Helmet of Arkngthamz increases ranged damage by 30%.
Dwarven Armor of Mzulft increases magic resistance by 20%.
Dwarven Gauntlets of Raldbthar increase one-handed or two-handed damage by 30%.
Dwarven Boots of Bthar-Zel increase stamina (Rank II) by 70.
General Tullius' Armor increases magic resistance by 20%.
General Tullius' Gauntlets increase one-handed damage by 30%.
General Tullius' Boots increase shock resistance by 50%.
Guild Master's Hood increases haggling by 35%.
Guild Master's Armor increases carrying weight by 75 points.
Guild Master's Gloves increase lockpicking skill by 30 and lockpicking expertise by 40.
Guild Master's Boots make pickpocketing 100% easier.
Harbinger Helmet increases magic resistance by 15% when worn by the Harbinger of the Companions and no alchemy, alteration, conjuration, destruction, enchanting, illusion, lockpicking, pickpocket, restoration and sneak perks are taken.
Harbinger Armor increases magic resistance by 15% when worn by the Harbinger of the Companions and no alchemy, alteration, conjuration, destruction, enchanting, illusion, lockpicking, pickpocket, restoration and sneak perks are taken.
Harbinger Gauntlets increase magic resistance by 15% when worn by the Harbinger of the Companions and no alchemy, alteration, conjuration, destruction, enchanting, illusion, lockpicking, pickpocket, restoration and sneak perks are taken.
Harbinger Boots increase magic resistance by 15% when worn by the Harbinger of the Companions and no alchemy, alteration, conjuration, destruction, enchanting, illusion, lockpicking, pickpocket, restoration and sneak perks are taken.
Legate Rikke's Armor increases magic resistance by 20%.
Legate Rikke's Gauntlets increase one-handed damage by 30%.
Legate Rikke's Boots increase shock resistance by 50%.
Legate Rikke's Shield increases magic resistance by 18%.
Nightingale Armor set increases magic resistance by 20%, poison resistance by 100%, sneaking by 25%, magicka regeneration by 300% and one-handed, two-handed and ranged damage by 25%. Reduces illusion spell cost by 20% and reduces movement noise by 100%.
Shrouded Cowl increases ranged damage by 10%.
Shrouded Armor increases poison resistance by 50%.
Shrouded Gloves increase one-handed damage by 10%.
Shrouded Boots increase stamina by 30.
Shrouded Hood improves sneaking by 25%.
Shrouded Robes reduce illusion spell cost by 15% and increase magicka regeneration by 100%.
Shrouded Hand Wraps increase armor penetration by 5%.
Shrouded Shoes reduce movement noise by 50%.
Ulfric's Armor increases magic resistance by 20%. Armor type is changed to light armor.
Ulfric's Gauntlets increase one-handed damage by 30%. Armor type is changed to light armor.
Ulfric's Boots increase shock resistance by 50%. Armor type is changed to light armor.

Dawnguard War Axe turns undead up to level 30 for 5 seconds. Also deals 30 additional damage against undead.
Dawnguard Warhammer turns undead up to level 30 for 5 seconds. Also deals 30 additional damage against undead.

Ancano's Robes reduce destruction spell cost by 20% and increase magicka regeneration by 300%.
Ancano's Gloves increase magicka by 70 points (Rank II).
Ancano's Boots increase shock resistance by 30%.
Arch-Mage's Hood reduces spell cost by 20%.
Arch-Mage's Robes reduce spell cost by 20%, increase magicka regeneration by 300% and increase magic resistance by 25%.
Arch-Mage's Gloves increase magicka by 150 (Rank II).
Arch-Mage's Boots increase fire, frost and shock resistance by 30%.
Miraak's Robes reduce spell cost by 25%, increase magicka regeneration by 300% and increase poison resistance by 100%. When hit, a tentacle explosion deals 400 points of damage to nearby enemies (3 seconds cooldown).
Mirakk's Gloves increase magicka by 200 (Rank II).
Miraak's Boots add a chance of 50% to absorb the magicka from incoming spells.
The Greybeard's Robes decrease shouting cooldown by 10%.
The Greybeard's Hood decreases shouting cooldown by 10%.
The Greybeard's Boots decrease shouting cooldown by 10%.

Ebony Mail increases magic resistance by 0.25% and fire resistance by 0.75% for every murder.
Harkon's and Valerica's armor reduces spell cost by 20% and increases magicka regeneration by 300%.
Savior's Hide increases magic resistance by 6%, poison and disease resistance by 20%. Whenever a great beast (Earth Mother, Giant Slaughterfish, Gigantic Mudcrab, Gorak the Trollslayer, Kru'ul, Ragnok, Snow, Ulik) is slain for the first time, magic resistance is increased by 3% and poison and disease resistance by 10%.

Aetherium Crown restores 8 magicka per second.
Ancient Helmet of the Unburned increases fire resistance by 100%.
Diadem of the Savant reduces spell cost by 16%.
Helm of Yngol increases frost resistance by 40%.
Masque of Clavicus Vile improves prices by 30% and persuasion checks in dialogue will almost always succeed.

Movarth's Boots grant waterwalking.
Predator's Grace reduce movement noise by 100%.

Gauldur Amulet Fragments increase magicka by 30.
Gauldur Amulet increases magicka by 80% of the wearer's base magicka (Rank II).
Kyne's Token grants the Blessing of Kyne to Nords who completed Kyne's Sacred Trials. They must not kill Paarthurnax, equip a dragon priest mask, have the blessing of another divine, join the Dark Brotherhood or Thieves Guild, or be a vampire or werewolf.
Locket of Saint Jiub increases carry weight by 500 points.
Necromancer's Amulet reduces conjuration spell cost by 25%. Increases health by 50 (Rank II) if the wearer has at least 150 base health, else damages health regeneration by 75%. Increases magicka by 50 (Rank II) if the wearer has at least 150 base magicka, else damages magicka regeneration by 75%. Increases stamina by 50 (Rank II) if the wearer has at least 150 base stamina, else damages stamina regeneration by 75%. Black soul gems can be crafted at a smelter with the Soul Gem Mastery perk if the Necromancer's Amulet is equipped.
Saarthal Amulet reduces spell cost by 12%.
Savos Aren's Amulet increases magic resistance by 20%.

Ring of Hircine increases health by 75 points (Rank II) and grants unlimited transformations to Werewolves.
Ring of Namira reflects melee damage back to the attacker. Feeding on corpses grants the blessing of Namira which increases magic resistance by 20% for 7200 seconds as long as the Ring of Namira is worn.

Blocking with the Aetherium Shield renders the carrier ethereal. Enemies struck by the shield become ethereal for 15 seconds, making them unable to attack or be attacked. Blocking costs 6 additional points of stamina.
Auriel's Shield increases the amount of blockable damage by 100% and increases magic resistance by 50%. Stores the energy of blocked attacks. Performing a power bash will release the energy, restoring 100/200/300 health, stamina and magicka for 1/2/3 blocked hits.
Dawnguard Shield increases the amount of blockable damage by 30% and increases bash damage against undead by 50 points.
Dawnguard Rune Shield increases bash damage against undead by 50 points. Blocking creates a beacon of sunlight that damages nearby undead by 100 points per second.
Shield of Solitude increases magic resistance by 20% and increases the amount of blockable damage by 35%.
Shield of Ysgramor increases magic resistance by 30%.
Spellbreaker increases chance to absorb spells by 5% per disease contracted while blocking. Reduces disease resistance by 100%.

Keening has no enchantment. Base damage is decreased to 13. Summon Shade of Arniel Gane can only be used if Keening is equipped. The shade is immune to all attacks.
Mehrunes' Razor deals 10 points of damage for killing at least 100 people, animals, creatures, undead, daedra and dwarven constructs (each enemy type counts separately). Doesn't use charges. Base damage is decreased to 10.
Nettlebane deals 10 points of fire damage for 5 seconds to spriggans and staggers them. Doesn't use charges.
Valdr's Lucky Dagger is enchanted with paralysis. Base damage is increased to 8.

Bloodscythe absorbs 25 points of health. When attacking with two weapons, damage taken is halved. Damages health by 20 points per second if Haknir Death-Brand is not yet defeated or if worn by a NPC.
Bolar's Oathblade deals 30 damage to Thalmor and makes them flee combat for 30 seconds. Doesn't use charges.
Chillrend deals 30 points of frost damage and paralyzes the target for 2 seconds.
Dawnbreaker deals 0.2 points of sun damage to undead for every undead killed and turns undead up to level [undead killed / 10]. Killing an undead causes an explosion that turns nearby undead up to level 50 and deals 300 points of sun damage. Doesn't use charges. Base damage is decreased to 9. Vampires can touch Dawnbreaker and Meridia's Beacon without punishment.
Dragonbane deals 150 damage to dragons. Base damage is decreased to 12.
Eduj deals 30 frost damage. Wielding Eduj and Okin together increases attack speed by 15%.
Ghostblade completely ignores armor rating. This doesn't include inherent damage reductions against slashing damage.
Harkon's Sword absorbs 50 points of health, stamina and magicka and makes the target vulnerable to soul gems for 5 seconds. Doesn't use charges, but only works if wielded by a vampire.
Miraak's Sword paralyzes targets for 10 seconds. Additionally deals 10 damage per second for 10 seconds. The sword has increased range to match its animation. Doesn't use charges.
Nightingale Blade absorbs 15 points of health, magicka and stamina.
Red Eagle's Bane deals 10 points of fire damage and absorbs 10 points of health and stamina.
Soulrender makes the target vulnerable to soul gems for 1 seconds. When attacking with two weapons, damage taken is halved. Damages health by 20 points per second if Haknir Death-Brand is not yet defeated or if worn by a NPC.
Spectral Sword drains 100 points of magicka for 3 seconds. Doesn't use charges.

Dawnguard Rune War Axe deals 1 point of sun damage per undead killed with the war axe (capped at 100 undead killed). Doesn't use charges.
Okin deals 30 frost damage. Wielding Eduj and Okin together increases attack speed by 15%.
Poacher's Axe deals 10 points damage to animals.
Stormbringer deals 10 points of shock damage for each of Kyne's blessings. Doesn't use charges.

Mace of Molag Bal absorbs 0.1 points of magicka and stamina for every soul trapped and makes the target vulnerable to soul gems for 1 second for every 100 souls trapped. Doesn't use charges. Base damage is decreased to 15.

Bloodskal Blade releases an energy blast with power attacks that deals 30 points of magic damage. Doesn't use charges. Base damage is decreased to 17 and weight to 12.
Ebony Blade absorbs 1 point of health for every friend killed by the blade (capped at 50 kills). Doesn't use charges. Attacks are silent and victims do not become hostile.

Rueful Axe increases armor penetration by 20%. Base damage is decreased to 22.
Spectral Battleaxe drains 100 points of health for 3 seconds. Doesn't use charges.
Wuuthrad deals 50 points of shock damage. Additionally it deals 50 points of shock damage to Bretons and Orcs, 150 points of shock damage to Dark Elves, High Elves, Wood Elves and Falmer and 250 points of shock damage to giants. Doesn't use charges. Base damage is decreased to 23. Reduces shock resistance by 20% if wielded by a Breton or Orc and 40% if wielded by a Dark Elf, High Elf or Wood Elf.

Dawnguard Rune Warhammer deals 1 point of sun damage per undead killed with the warhammer (capped at 100 undead killed). Doesn't use charges.
Trollsbane deals 5 points of fire damage for 5 seconds to trolls.
Volendrung absorbs 0.25 points of stamina for every every point of base health above 100 and reduces the target's damage and the amount of blockable damage for 10 seconds by 0.25% for every point of base health above 100. Attack speed is increased by 0.05% for every every point of base health above 100. Doesn't use charges. Base damage is decreased to 25.

Auriel's Bow deals 60 points of sun damage and additional 90 points to undead. Doesn't use charges. Base damage is increased to 100.
The duration of the special effect triggered by shooting Sunhallowed Elven Arrows at the sun is increased to 60 seconds and damage is increased to 150 and an additional 300 to undead.
Bow of the Hawk deals 10 points of shock damage for each of Kyne's blessings. Doesn't use charges.
Firiniel's End deals 20 points of shock damage and turns targets into an ash pile upon death. Disenchanting yields the normal shock enchantment. Doesn't use charges.
Jon's Crossbow deals 1000 damage to anything that carries fruits.
Nightingale Bow deals 15 points of fire, frost and shock damage.
Spectral Bow drains 100 points of stamina for 3 seconds. Doesn't use charges.

Bloodcursed Elven Arrow has tier 7 armor piercing.
Sunhallowed Elven Arrow deals 40 points of sun damage and additional 60 points to undead. Base damage is decreased to 66.

Aetherium Staff summons an enchanted sphere for 300 seconds.
Dragon Priest Staff is enchanted with Souldrinker.
Forsworn Staff is enchanted with Firebolts.
Halldir's Staff commands a weak-minded target to commit suicide by slicing their wrist and traps its soul should it die. The staff behaves as if the caster has an illusion skill of 100 but no perks.
Hevnoraak's Staff deals 50 poison damage for 2 seconds and 2 poison damage for 300 seconds.
Jyrik Gauldurson's Staff evokes a bolt of lightning that deals 60 points of shock damage to health and half that to magicka.
Miraak's staff sprays tentacles on the ground that deal 400 damage per second to foes. Doesn't use charges.
Rahgot's Staff is enchanted with Paralysis.
Sanguine's Rose summons a dremora for 60 seconds. The type of dremora depends on the alcohol level (health buff): 0-24 -> Naked Dremora, 25-49 -> Dremora Archer, 50-99 -> Dremora Warrior, 100+ -> Dremora Mage. Doesn't use charges.
Skull of Corruption causes creatures and people up to level 666 to flee from combat for 30 seconds. Additionally reduces armor rating by 500 points and magic resistance by 50% when powered with dreams collected from sleeping people. Doesn't use charges.
Staff of Magnus absorbs 500 points of health and 500 points of magicka per second. When the target has less than 10 magicka, it absorbs an additional 500 points of health.
Staff of Ruunvald calms creatures and people up to level 50 for 30 seconds.
Wabbajack randomly causes one of the following effects:
 - 10% chance: Deal 60 points of fire damage.
 - 10% chance: Deal 60 points of frost damage.
 - 10% chance: Deal 60 points of shock damage.
 -  5% chance: Absorb 50% of the target's health, stamina and magicka.
 -  5% chance: Summon 3 crazy dogs.
 -  5% chance: Summon 5 crazy goats.
 -  5% chance: Transform the target into a chicken for 30 seconds.
 -  5% chance: Transform the target into a dremora for 30 seconds.
 -  5% chance: Transform the target into a mudcrab for 30 seconds.
 -  5% chance: Transform the target into a rabbit for 30 seconds.
 -  5% chance: The target unequips all items and flees for 30 seconds.
 -  5% chance: The target becomes invisible for 30 seconds.
 -  5% chance: The target heals 500 health.
 -  5% chance: Freezes the target in solid ice for 30 seconds.
 -  5% chance: The target explodes into 150 septims. If the target has more than 300 health, it is knocked back instead.
 -  5% chance: The target turns into a sweet roll. If the target has more than 300 health, it is knocked back instead.
 -  5% chance: The target is covered in cheese.
Soul tomatoes can be crafted at a cooking pot when the Wabbajack is equipped.

Oghma Infinium grants 7 perk points and has no further effects.
Each Black Book allows to choose one of three possible effects. The choice can be changed or even rejected at any point by entering the Black Book again.
Black Book: Epistolary Acumen
 - Killing an enemy with Fire Breath spawns an allied fire wyrm from their corpse for 60 seconds.
 - Unrelenting Force does more damage and using all three words may disintegrate enemies.
 - Frost Breath encases foes in ice for 15 seconds.
Black Book: The Winds of Change
 - Followers deal 20% more damage and their spells are 20% stronger and last 20% longer.
 - Benefits of food are 50% stronger.
 - Attacks deal 10% more damage to people of the opposite sex. Spells are 10% stronger and last 10% longer when cast on people of the opposite sex.
Black Book: The Hidden Twilight
 - Restores 2 health per second.
 - Restores 2 magicka per second.
 - Restores 2 stamina per second.
Black Book: Filament and Filigree
 - Increases health by 30 points.
 - Increases magicka by 30 points.
 - Increases stamina by 30 points.
Black Book: The Sallow Regent
 - Increases damage with one-handed, two-handed and ranged weapons by 10%. Increases the amount of blockable damage by 10%. Increases armor rating by 50.
 - Increases lockpicking skill by 21 and lockpicking expertise by 20. Pickpocketing is 10% easier. Improves sneaking by 10%. Increases sneak attack damage by 50% against all targets.
 - Spells are 10% stronger and last 10% longer.
Black Book: Untold Legends
 - Summons a drum-shaped daedra to play for you, increasing speech skill by 20 for 15 seconds.
 - Summons a Dremora butler for 15 seconds to carry excess items.
 - Summons a Dremora merchant for 15 seconds.
The fonts in Apocrypha permanently increases magicka or stamina regeneration by 1%.

Agent of Dibella increases magnitude of enchantments placed on items by 5%.
Agent of Mara increases magnitude of healing spells by 10%.
Ancient Knowledge improves tempering weapons and armors by 5%. Allows tempering Dwarven weapons and armors without Dwarven Smithing. Tempering Dwarven weapons and armors is improved by an undeterminable amount.
Blessing of the Blades (fka Dragonslayer's Blessing) increases physical damage dealt to dragons by 10%.
Blessing of Kyne makes animals friends. Additionally:
 - Completing Climb the Steps increases stamina by 50 (Rank II).
 - Completing The Blessings of Nature by returning a sapling increases health by 50 (Rank II).
 - Completing Glory of the Dead up to stage 30 increases one-handed, two-handed and ranged damage by 20%.
 - Joining the Stormcloaks and earning the rank Ice-Veins/Bone-Breaker/Snow-Hammer/Stormblade increases one-handed, two-handed and ranged damage by 5/10/15/20%.
 - Completing A Blade in the Dark reduces shout cooldown by 10%.
 - Completing Throat of the World reduces shout cooldown by 10%.
 - Completing Alduin's Bane reduces shout cooldown by 10%.
 - Completing Sovngarde reduces shout cooldown by 10%.
 - Completing Dragonslayer increases health, magicka and stamina by 100.
Neloth's Experimental Spell increases health by 50. After swimming or being in the rain it permanently lowers health by 50 instead.
Prowler's Profit increases movement speed by 10%. The previous effect, more gems in loot, has been merged into the Treasure Hunter perk.
Sailor's Repose increases magic resistance by 5%.
Shrine blessings of Azura, Boethiah, Mephala and Nocturnal only apply cleansing.
Sinderion's Serendipity increases magnitude of mixed potions and poisons by 5%.
The Gift of Gab is removed.
Voice of the Sky reduces shout cooldown by 10% for 86400 seconds.

Kyne's Peace restores 50/100/150 health, magicka and stamina and doesn't affect animals. Requires the Blessing of Kyne.

The White Phial refills every 15 minutes (real time) or when going to sleep. It has one of the following effects:
 - Increases magic resistance by 25% for 300 seconds.
 - Increases armor rating by 120 for 300 seconds.
 - Improves sneaking by 25% for 300 seconds.
 - Increases magicka by 100 for 300 seconds.
 - Increases one-handed, two-handed and marksman damage by 25% for 300 seconds.
 - Completely restores health.

Quaestor: Imperial Sword of Frost
Praefect: Glass Sword of Scorching
Tribune: Imperial Light Shield of Dwindling Magic
Legate: Imperial Shield of Dwindling Magic and an enchanted Imperial Legate armor set.

Ice-Veins: Steel Sword of Frost
Bone-Breaker: Glass Sword of Scorching
Snow-Hammer: Hide Shield of Dwindling Magic
Stormblade: Steel Shield of Dwindling Magic and an enchanted Stormcloak Officer armor set.

Aetherium armor set is moved to the "hidden" room to the right of the Atherium Forge. Dwarven armor with powerful enchantments can be found in the former locations of the Aetherium armor pieces.
Stormbringer replaces the Notched Pickaxe.
Bow of the Hawk replaces the Bow of the Hunt.
Harbinger armor set can be found in Kodlak's end table during Glory of the Dead.
Velehk Sain's Locker contains a random set of enchanted glass armor.
Blades Boots of Fire Abatement, Blades Boots of Frost Abatement, Blades Armor of the Noble Knight, Blades Gauntlets of Extreme Wielding, Blades Helmet of Extreme Archery and Blades Shield of Magic Abatement can be found in Sky Haven Temple. Blades recruits will also wear enchanted armor.
Gunmar sells Dawnguard Armor of Extreme Health, Dawnguard Boots of Frost Abatement, Dawnguard Gauntlets of Extreme Archery, Dawnguard Gauntlets of Extreme Wielding, Dawnguard Gauntlets of Extreme Sure Grip and Dawnguard Helmet of Extreme Restoration. Important Dawnguard members will also wear enchanted armor.
Ulfric Stormcloak wears a Necklace of Magic Suppression and a Ring of Eminent Wielding.
General Tullius wears a Necklace of Magic Suppression and a Ring of Eminent Wielding.
Legate Rikke wears a Necklace of Eminent Blocking and a Ring of Eminent Sure Grip.
Imperial Legates wear a full set of Imperial Legate armor.
Harkon wears a Necklace of Nullification and a Ring of Peerless Destruction.

Spriggan Earth Mother is a unique boss encounter in Clearspring Cave.
